Adds readme for websockets (#768)
status-im/nim-waku: waku/v2/README.md

make docker-image MAKE_TARGET=wakunode2
docker run --rm -it statusteam/nim-waku:latest --help
```
## Using Websocket and secure Websockets

> Websocket config needs to be enabled , by default the port is 8000 for websockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Websocket support is hidden under a feature flag and must be explicitly enabled in order to get Websockets support. The default port is 8000.
```

Author: resolved in 765a24e1549b18153b2313c61e305eddaacd2350

```

> # Run unsecure websockets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run unsecure Websockets (doesn't require a certificate)
```

Author: resolved in 765a24e1549b18153b2313c61e305eddaacd2350

./build/wakunode2 --websocket-support=true 

# Run secure websockets
./build/wakunode2 --websocket-secure-support=true --websocket-secure-key-path="/path/to/key.pem" --websocket-secure-cert-path="/path/to/cert.pem"
```

Self-signed ssl certificate can be used for websockets, it can be created like this:

```

> openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -sha256 

Reviewer: Can we make this self-contained? So a user can copy paste code. E.g. make sure the path here matches what is put in command above. And do `mkdir -p` if we want it outside of root dir (probably).

Reviewer 2: And may mention a dependency on `libssl`

Author: resolved in 765a24e1549b18153b2313c61e305eddaacd2350

make docker-image MAKE_TARGET=wakunode2
docker run --rm -it statusteam/nim-waku:latest --help
```
## Using Websocket and secure Websockets

Websocket support is hidden under a feature flag and must be explicitly enabled in order to get Websockets support. The default port is 8000.

```
# Run unsecure Websockets (doesn't require a certificate)
./build/wakunode2 --websocket-support=true 
```

> Running a secure websockets requires ssl certificate, we can create a self signed websocket however, it requires openssl utility. It can be acheived as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running secure websockets requires an ssl certificate. We can create a self signed websocket. However, it requires the `openssl` utility. It can be achieved as:
```

Reviewer 3: I'd say "achieved with" or "achieved using" rather than "achieved as".

> Running a secure websocket requires an ssl certificate. We can create a self signed websocket. However, it requires the `openssl` utility. It can be achieved as:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Running a secure websocket requires an ssl certificate. We can create a self signed websocket. However, it requires the `openssl` utility. It can be achieved with:
```
Or "achieved using".

```

> mkdir -p ../ssl_dir/

Reviewer: I'm confused why this is isn't in $PWD?

I'd expect this to be something like:

`mkdir -p certificates` from project root

Reviewer: This is largely for KISS to get started / for semi technical people (Desktop etc). Actual sysadminning would probably store certificates in a dir of their own choosing.

openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout ../ssl_dir/key.pem -out ../ssl_dir/cert.pem -sha256

> ./build/wakunode2 --websocket-secure-support=true --websocket-secure-key-path="../ssl_dir/key.pem" --websocket-secure-cert-path="../ssl_dir/cert.pem"

Reviewer 3: I don't really see why the creation of `ssl_dir` is necessary in these example commands.
The user can put the certs wherever they please, you can simplify this example down to two commands by dropping the `../ssl_dir/` part entirely.

Author: We had added it later as recommended by @oskarth in https://github.com/status-im/nim-waku/pull/768#discussion_r747976733

Reviewer: The point is just to make something copy-pastable that works. We can put it in root dir or wherever, as long as the commands execute. It is annoying finding some tutorial and getting error due to lack of `mkdir -p` or similar :p

Reviewer 3: Exactly. I think it's better to leave making folders to users, and just use current dir in the example.
